add 3D GameStudio (#791)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Engine.3D_GameStudio.md

> [**3D GameStudio**](http://www.3dgamestudio.com/) or **3DGS** is a pan 3D computer game development system which allows the users to create 3D games and other virtual reality applications, and publish them royalty-free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**3D GameStudio**](http://www.3dgamestudio.com/) is a set of tools to create 3D games
```
no need to copy paste wikipedia's short description
